Let's go from zero target trader in 30
days. And I wasn't expecting this, but
let's dig further. Yesterday, we divided
the data between in sample and out of
sample. Today, we apply our strategy for
the first time in sample from January 16
to December 23. And actually looks like
we're going in the right direction.
Equity line is uprising and fairly
smooth considering we haven't done any
optimization yet. The three most
important statistics you need to look at
on this phase are profit and losses. We
need to have a positive profit over the
entire period. Max strategy draw down
which needs to be manageable and average
trade win which as a rule of thumb needs
to be higher than 80 for NASDAQ mini
contracts and we do have a positive
profit. We do have a manageable draw
down. However, we have only an average
trade win of $46 making this strategy
not suitable for live trading yet. So we
will need to optimize our parameters and
eventually add elements to make sure we
keep a positive performance. We still
have manageable draw downs, but with an
average trade win higher than $80 per
contract.